and even if we were to take away all of
that instrumentation and technology and
we were to lay on our backs and look up
to the night sky and see a star
what's actually going on as David
mentioned in his Ted Talk and I think he
talks about this in chapter one I didn't
mention it is
light photons are striking the back of
the retina eventually once they get
through the cornea and causing
electrical signals
to be sent via the optic nerve back to
the brain and in the brain some neurons
are crackling away they're communicating
with one another and that's what we are
okay so we we are a mind that's inside
of that brain and however the mind works
it depends at least in part for now on
how the neurons transmit electricity to
one another
that's what we are everything else is
interpretation